starting to get likes well you're not
alone luckily for you there's a solution
for that actually
seven solutions not one too many fingers
seven solutions
so hey everyone i'm neil patel and today
i'm gonna break down seven social media
content ideas that'll track likes
organic reach and engagement
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
i could give you many reasons why but
it'll help me out and i'll love you to
death for it
if you're looking to generate traffic
through social media i have another
video that talks about free tools that
can help you achieve it so if you're on
youtube you'll see the link check it out
if you're not on youtube go there but
before you watch a video subscribe to my
channel
so today we're going to be focusing on
like reach and overall engagement
the first strategy i have for you is
break down technical topics into image
carousels this is one of the content
types that gets the most engagement
maybe not the most likes but people keep
swiping and you'll get tons of views at
least on instagram and linkedin
you don't need graphic design skills to
do it all that's the best part a cool
tool for you to use and it's free is
canva they have tons of templates that
can just help you do this
and i teach a lot about seo and you
already know seo is complex to do all
that research and figure it out so if i
want to post about seo on instagram or
linkedin then i try to keep things
simple and what i do is i break them all
down in swipeable carousel elements and
each side of my carousel is small with a
little bit of information that it's easy
to digest it's straight to the point and
i don't get too much into the weeds that
way people can consume the content
understand it and they'll like it
they'll share it they'll tell other
people about it it's an amazing strategy
and you should go and do this works
especially well on instagram and
linkedin
the second tactic how to video tutorials
just like with image carousels start
how-to video tutorials they'll get a ton
of engagement it doesn't need a
professional film just bust out your
phone like i'm gonna do right now and
boom i'll pop it up shoot myself be like
ah this is how you do this
that's all you really need to do
and if you make it short and to the
point and you make it super impactful
where everyone's like oh wow that's step
one oh wow that's step two and you start
breaking each of them down in
instructions that people can easily
follow you'll do well
if it's a how-to video like once i try
to learn how to install a toilet and it
wasn't that instructional it won't do
well
if it is instructional helps people out
it will do well and you can share your
screen walk people through each and
every single step if you want and that
is extremely popular
third tip i have for you is that this or
that pull
this is almost engagement bait because
it generates lots of engagement the idea
is to go after some topic that people
are passionate about and have strong
preferences about
you'll then offer two or more choices
and invite people to leave a comment it
could be as simple as a video or image
that generates tons of comments or
engagement typically what works better
on instagram linkedin or facebook is
asking people to vote for either one or
the other when you give them options
whether it's a comment or what they're
able to click on like in your instagram
stories you can run a poll and people
can click on one or the other it creates
tons of engagement example of this i was
on instagram the other day and someone
was asking about the recent president
they're like did you vote for him and
would you vote for him again i'm not
here to get political but that's an
example of something that will get tons
of engagement now i don't recommend you
getting political with your pulls but i
do recommend that you keep them related
to your business and this will help you
get more social media followers
next team up with other content creators
this is probably one of the oldest in
the book right oldest tricks
yet very few people leverage them
when you partner up with other content
creators both you and the other creator
are partnering up with a win
you both get exposure with each other's
audience and
not only that you get more followers
plus it positions your brand in a
well-respected way because in your
spaces there's someone else with a ton
of followers and you have a ton of
followers both of you will look great if
you're too small to partner up with
bigger brands start small and that's
okay let's say you only have 500
followers well there's someone else with
only 500 followers partner up with them
maybe convince someone with a thousand
followers but don't go after someone
with a hundred thousand followers that's
gonna be tough if you're trying to
figure out what the best way to partner
up with someone is typically it's by
going live on any of these social
networks and you guys both go live
together and you promote it to both your
audience that's the easiest way to cross
promote
now speaking of go live this is the next
one i have for you
yes you can use it when you partner with
other content creators but
you can also just go live yourself you
can answer live questions people can
respond it's a great way to engage
create the comments and have more brand
loyalty
here's the cool thing about going live
social media sites are trying to keep up
with the kardashians and you're probably
like what the heck they're trying to
keep up with the kardashians what i mean
by that is they're trying to get their
own slice of reality tv
so
if you can start going live you could
potentially draw in more eyeballs
because their algorithms want to promote
it more they want people to watch you
instead of keeping up with the
kardashians because keeping up with the
kardashians does not make them money but
you on their social network being on
there 24 7 going live although you're
not really gonna do it 24 7 it's gonna
drive more traffic to their network
the next strategy i have for you is
curated list
whether it's on resources or tools they
work really really well and you can do
this in carousel format or you can just
do a post with let's say an image with
like seven points or seven lists or
items or it could just be as simple as
writing down text and posting it it all
works super well the issue is is most
people don't use lists have you ever
been on tiktok and instagram and you saw
people breaking down recipes that's how
too but they also in there in the
description create a list of all the
stuff you need to make that recipe
they're actually using both formats and
those recipe tutorials do so well
the last strategy i have for you is
infographic and data visualization
carousels it's kind of like this first
one that we talked about but it's
breaking down complex information in a
simple
easy to understand visual the first
example when i broke down carousels i'm
just talking about putting stats in
different slides but if you take down an
infographic and you break it down into
like seven carousels instead of one long
graphic
it tends to do really well
i've been doing this for a while people
love it creates tons of engagement you
should check it out requires a little
bit of help if you don't have a design
bone and you kind of like me i'm not the
best designer but it works well
nonetheless now if you need help with
any of these strategies check out my ad
agency np digital or if you just have
any questions on any of these tactics
leave a comment below i'm here to help
thank you very much